docs: EVAM inference results into Edgex (#190)
edgexfoundry/edgex-examples: application-services/custom/camera-management/README.md

   b. Under the `ports` section, find the entry for port 8554 and change the host_ip from `127.0.0.1` to either `0.0.0.0` or the ip address you put in the previous step.

6. Run the following `make` command to generate the edgex core services along with MQTT, Onvif and Usb device services.

  > **Note**: The `ds-onvif-camera` parameter can be omitted if no Onvif cameras are present, or the `ds-usb-camera` parameter can be omitted if no usb cameras are present.
```shell
   make gen no-secty ds-mqtt mqtt-broker ds-onvif-camera ds-usb-camera 
```   

7. Configure [device-mqtt] service to send [Edge Video Analytics Microservice][evam] inference results into Edgex via MQTT

>       a. Copy complete [evam-mqtt-edgex](edge-video-analytics/evam-mqtt-edgex) folder into edgex-compose/compose-builder directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      a. Copy the entire [evam-mqtt-edgex](edge-video-analytics/evam-mqtt-edgex) folder into `edgex-compose/compose-builder` directory.
```

      b. Copy and paste [docker-compose.override.yml](edge-video-analytics/evam-mqtt-edgex/docker-compose.override.yml) from the above copied folder into edgex-compose/compose-builder directory.

>          Insert full path of `edgex-compose/compose-builder` directory under volumes in this `docker-compose.override.yml`.

Reviewer: I think it might be clearer to add another step and explain in more detail what/where they are inserting stuff. Like with an example of old -> new or something.

Author: Its been shown here https://github.com/EdgeX-Camera-Management/edgex-examples/blob/evam-edgex-docs/application-services/custom/camera-management/edge-video-analytics/evam-mqtt-edgex/docker-compose.override.yml#L28 what/where needs to be inserted.

Reviewer: Ok. We may want to let the users know there is 2 locations it needs to be done at. the second one could be easy to miss.

8. Run the following command to start all the Edgex services.
```shell

>    docker compose -f docker-compose.yml -f docker-compose.override.yml up -d

Reviewer: Should we add `-p edgex` to be safe, or do we know even with Levski branch it works out of the box with that name?

Reviewer 2: Yes. It works will all release since compose builder was added.

   > **Note**: This step is only required if you have Onvif cameras. Currently, this example app is limited to supporting
   > only 1 username/password combination for all Onvif cameras.

>    > **Note:** Please follow the instructions for the [Edgex Onvif Camera device service][device-onvif-manage] in order to connect your Onvif cameras to EdgeX.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   > **Note**: Please follow the instructions for the [Edgex Onvif Camera device service][device-onvif-manage] in order to connect your Onvif cameras to EdgeX.
```

Move the colon to make the note use github's new syntax

![inference events](./images/inference-events.png)  

### Inference results in Edgex

To view inference results in Edgex, open Edgex UI [http://localhost:4000](http://localhost:4000) and view data streaming

> under `Event Data Stream` located under `DataCenter` tab.

Reviewer: Maybe add a direct link
http://localhost:4000/en-US/#/core-data/event

and tell them to click the start button in the `Event Data Stream`.

Author: for some reason http://localhost:4000/en-US/#/core-data/event takes to the dashboard only.

Reviewer: Yeah looks that way. Weird.

[edgex-compose]: https://github.com/edgexfoundry/edgex-compose
[device-onvif-camera]: https://github.com/edgexfoundry/device-onvif-camera

> [device-onvif-manage]: https://github.com/edgexfoundry/device-onvif-camera/blob/main/doc/guides/SimpleStartupGuide.md#manage-devices

Reviewer: should we pin this to the Levski release?
